## nov red elysia 5014u Feb 26th
<br />
The fires of war burn through the Leandric States Alliance city of nov elysia as a burtal and sudden attack by the Vestan soverigty turbs the city into a warzone. many point to the union ship "rio grade" as being the reason for this conflict. representives from the ships have pledged two full lancers to help resovle the conflict. some scoff saying that the lancer groups are only there to retrive there ambassador.

## red river elsia 5014u mar 2nd
<br />
the L.S.A and vestan soverigty are now formally at war, with the L.S.A annocuning it on the 27th. in the next couple of days the fighting in nov elysia has intensified with  casualties and missing in action buidling up on both sides. one of the more notable M.I.A is lancer Topaz from the ten stonehearts of the Smith-Shimano Corpro. the ssc have dispatched Adventurine and Jade to lend aid with this conflict. though them arrving on time through the obirtal auto mine layer is doubted by most. 

## ember upon elyisa 5014u mar 4th
<br />
the vestan soverigty has been fully pushed out of nov elysia at a heavy cost. The L.S.A has asked union to help from task force indigo to deal with the soverigty. union has agreed in order to bring another planet in the kronos system in to its fold. rumors have it that task force indigo is infiltrating vestan territory to destroy project tartarus

## hell on earth jul 1st
<br />
the vestan project has succeeded and thus Vestan Naval Ship (VNS) Typhon has arisen. its first action was to sink the combined L.S.A fleet "olympia" before continuing to rampage across the glob. it has now come to rest above nov elysia  
